inspir by the grow popular of deep learn , i thought of come up with a seri of blog that will educ you about thi new trend in the field of artifici intellig and help you understand what is it all about . thi is the first of the mani blog in the seri call as - deep learn tutori . now think about thi , instead of you do all your work , you have a machin to finish it for you or it can do someth which you thought wa not possibl at all . for instanc : predict futur - deep learn tutori - edureka predict the futur : it can help us in predict earthquak , tsunami’ , etc . beforehand so that prevent measur can be taken to save mani live from fall into the clutch of natur calam . chat-bot : all of you would have heard about siri , which is apple’ voic control virtual assist . believ me , with the help of deep learn these virtual assist are get smarter day by day . in fact , siri can adapt itself accord to the user and provid better person assist . chat bot - deep learn tutori - edureka self drive car - deep learn tutori - edureka self-driv car : imagin , how incred it would be for physic disabl and elderli peopl who find it difficult to drive on their own . apart from thi , it will save million of innoc live who meet road accid everi year becaus of human error . googl ai eye doctor : it is a recent initi taken by googl where they are work with an indian eye care chain to develop an ai softwar which can examin retina scan and identifi a condit call diabet retinopathi , which can caus blind . ai eye doctor - deep learn tutori - edureka ai music compos - deep learn tutori - edureka ai music compos : well , who thought we can have an ai music compos use deep learn . henc , i would not be surpris to hear that the next best music is given by a machin . a dream read machin : thi is one of my favorit , a machin that can captur your dream in the form of video or someth . with so mani un-realist applic of ai & deep learn we have seen so far , i wa not surpris to find out that thi wa tri in japan few year back on three test subject and they were abl to achiev close to 60 % accuraci . that is someth quit unbeliev , yet true . ai dream machin - deep learn tutori - edureka i am pretti sure that some of these real life applic of ai & deep learn would have given you goosebump . alright then , thi set the base for you and now , we are readi to proceed further in thi deep learn tutori and understand what is artifici intellig . 